# cs32-final-project
# cs32-final-project
Project Overview: Do you have special memories from growing up of filling out Mad Libs with your friends and hysterically laughing about the outcome? Me too! Well now that we are living in the digital age, what do you say we keep those memories alive but move it to the computer. For this project we will be creating your own stories using a similar fill in the blank model! The computer will ask you for an input whether that be a verb or food and then it will select from a folder filled with fill-in-the-blank stories... and be prepared to laugh with your friends. But in order to accomplish this goal, we need to move in steps

GAI USE: Harvard AI Sandbox has been vital to bringing this project together. I have used it to help me with the syntax on every single section. I wrote what my objective was into GAI and it provided me with the syntax. I did not just copy and paste it. I made sure I understood the code. If it provided me with a method I did not know or we did not learn in class, I would attempt to do it as we had in class or I would requiest that it provide me with an alternative method for accomplishing my goal. Even with the support from GAI in writing my code, I still often needed assistance debugging and would eventually need to greatly change the syntax. Additionally, while I wrote the framework for stories 1 & 2 by myself, stories 3-7 were generated by GAI. However, I still went through and edited them. Finally, if at any point I had questions regarding my code, I would ask GAI to explain why something was written the way it was and used it as a tool to understand the deeper meaning behind the syntax

STEP 1 A:
Lets build out a folder with many different stories. This way, people can play more than once and stay on the edge of their seat.

STEP 1 B:
Build out a folder for final stories. This will provide a place to store finished stories that are created from this game

STEP 1 C:
Write the incomplete stories with placeholders that will eventually get replaced with user input. Mark the place holders by surrounding them in curly brackets {}. Inside the curly bracket, write what you want the user to input (i.e. action, object, name, etc.)

STEP 2:
Set-up:
    - Import random function: We will need the computer to select a random story to put the users inputs into therefore we need to import random
    - We will also be utilizing regular expressions so import re
    - Make sure all stories in the story folder are updated in story_files

STEP 3:
Create a function that will pick a random story from the story files. Define it as random_story

STEP 4:
Once we have out story we want to create a function that will look for anything in the "{}"
This means that the word is a placeholder for the input that the user provides. to do this we want to look in the text and find all {} and pick up anything within those curly brackets.

STEP 5:
Once we find all of the placeholders that will be replaced by the user inputs, we need to create a new function. This function will ask the user for an input and then save that input in a dictionary (with key and values). As such, we will need to create a dictionary for this function.
    The output of this section should look something like this: "pick a verb: "
    then it should save the input provided by the user into the dictionary

STEP 6 A:
Once we have identified the placeholders and collected the inputs, we will want to replace the placeholders with those inputs. For this step we want to create a. function that will fill the story in with the user inputs. This is where we will replace the placeholders with the answers

STEP 6 B:
create a function that will read the story. This will be important when it comes to finding placeholders because we need to read it in order to find them

STEP 6 C:
Create a function that will save the story. To do this we want to make sure that a new file is created in the folder final stories that we made at the start. For this function we want it to ask the user what they want the name of their story to be and we need to tell them where it has been saved

STEP 7:
Create a function that introduces the reader to the game, makes sure they are ready to play, and tells them the rules.

Step 8:
We made it to the main funciton! First we need to make sure that the input that the user is putting in is not intended as an answer to the intro function.
- Then we need pick a random story using our random story function
- next we need to input the file name into the load_story function that will read it read the story (we need to read the story to look for placeholders)
- next we will want to find the placeholders in the text that we just read
- once we find the placeholders we want to  collect user inputs
- once we have our inputs and our placeholders, it is time to switch them out using the fill_story function
- once we have our new story we want to print that to the user!
- finally, once the user has been given their final story, we want them to name it and save it so that they can continue to access it. 
